each brand is in the area
imagine that today's lesson we
we are not here
and on the train
and we are passengers
we need to occupy ourselves with something
if not a very good artist
what is it like he
yes this spoon
putina painted
they swept away
see what happens
she can go to us too
unbend
Yu
team awarded letters of time
district
as stated
million barrels
for this trick you need to watch
what's the paper
see why
womb him one piece
scissors
cut a thin strip
centimeter
and a little more shortening
then tear off the second piece
from another country
beautiful
glue
strip
Klim paper back notebook
everyone is ready for a demonstration
he guinness a spoon
all this can be any subject which
do you want bent over
poison leaf
pressed the strip with his thumb
look when the thumb to the children
Rude Moscow and in Russia
fitch
your task is to make sure that no one is
I saw therefore but we are the thumb
located
for the glasses we explained in hand
and no matter how he went
movement is almost negligible
try
eight holds strip
Sasha where one
look at the leaf faces we made
as many as 5
blanks
hold
remember how you wanted
Yes
let's draw about buying
school that we can work out
so ended Wednesday the marker further
detained
but this at the same time with the release of 5 spoons
now you know how to pass the time
in the train
for one night